Support inserting into compressed chunks (#74)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/compression/backfill-historical-data.md

## Future Work [](future-work)

One of the current limitations of TimescaleDB is that once chunks are converted

> into compressed column form, we do not currently allow updates and deletes

Reviewer: We use the word "current" above and "currently" here. Redundant?

> into compressed column form, we do not currently allow certain types of further

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
into compressed column form, we do not currently allow updates and deletes of the data or changes to the schema without manual decompression, except ....
```

> modifications of the data (e.g. updates, deletes) or the schema without manual

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
modifications of the data (for example, updates and deletes) or the schema without manual
```

> decompression, except as noted [above](#compression-schema-changes). In other

Reviewer 2: compression-schema-changes link appears to be broken in the docs and needs fixing up as well.

Author: @Loquacity do you know how we can fix this?

Reviewer 3: It looks like you're writing a link to an anchor tag, but I think you want to point to another page. 

```suggestion
decompression, except as noted [above][compression-schema-changes]. In other
```

words, chunks are partially immutable in compressed form. Attempts to modify
the chunks' data in those cases will either error or fail silently (as
preferred by users). We plan to remove this limitation in future releases.

> [timescaledb-extras]: https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-extras

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[timescaledb-extras]: https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-extras
[compression-schema-changes]: /how-to-guides/compression/modify-a-schema/
```

## Future Work [](future-work)

One of the current limitations of TimescaleDB is that once chunks are converted

> into compressed column form, we do not allow updates and deletes
> of the data or changes to the schema without manual
> decompression, except as noted [above][compression-schema-changes]. In other
> words, chunks are partially immutable in compressed form. Attempts to modify
> the chunks' data in those cases will either error or fail silently (as
> preferred by users). We plan to remove this limitation in future releases.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
into compressed column form, we do not allow updates and deletes of the data 
or changes to the schema without manual decompression, except as noted [above][compression-schema-changes]. 
In other words, chunks are partially immutable in compressed form. 
Attempts to modify the chunks' data in those cases will either error or fail silently (as preferred by users). 
We plan to remove this limitation in future releases.
```
